###### BLENDER NATION ######

salvis:
    - Nice modification to array modifier! I still wish there was a way to do “color offsets” 
	  R,G, & B) with materials so you could have an array of objects with colors gradually 
	  changing depending on their index number.
	
	- Bel cambiamento del Array modifier!! Mi piacerebbe che ci fosse un modo per fare un 
	  "color offset" (R, G, B) con i materiali così si potrebbe avere un array di oggetti con un
	  cambiamento di colore graduale, dipendente dal numero di indice
	
Ignatz:
    - The new noise function in the Array modifier is very interesting but is not stable.
      This issue demonstrates itself in a number of ways.
      1) Reloading a saved file where the array modifier has been used with noise always presents a 
	     different random result. One would assume that saving a file with this feature enabled would
	     bring one back to the same (model) position and form.
      2) Using the APPLY button on the array modifier when noise is used will not present you with 
	     the mesh in the form it was last in. It appears that the noise “reshuffles” itself just before
	     the apply actually happens. In other words, you don’t get what you expect.
      3) If you use UNDO with this function then, again, you never return to the last postion
	     which you expected, but rather some other random noise position.
      [ Note: I realize that this patch is a work in progress, but the observations are valid,
	          nevertheless. ]
      :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
      Blender version: 2.56 r35391
      Windows XP Pro 32-bit SP3
      Intel Q9450 4gig RAM
      NVidia GeForce 9600GT (driver 6.14.12.5721)

	- La funzione per il disturbo dell'array è molto interessante ma poco stabile!!
	  Questo problema si dimostra in vari modi!!
	  1)Rileggendo un file salvato dove il modifier array è stato usato con il noise, 
	    presenta sempre un differente risultato random.
	    Suppongo, che un salvataggio del file con questa feature abilitata porterebbe
	    la stessa posizione e forma.
	  2)Utilizzando il tasto "Applica" il noise viene ricalcolato poco prima di essere applicato.
	    In altre parole non si ottiene quello che vi aspettate!!
	  3)Se si utilizza "UNDO" con questa funzione, ancora una volta, non ritorna all'ultima 
	    posizione che vi aspettate, ma qualche altra posizione casuale.
	  [Nota: Mi rendo conto che questa patch è un work in progress, ma tuttavia le osservazioni 
	         sono valide!!]
			 

###### VIMEO ######

Peter:
	- fantastic! could you please develop it further, to use it for animation? 
	  (like noise speed, random mat. change speed, etc...)
	  Fantastic what you're doing, keep it up!
	  
MoolahNasreddin:
	- Fabio, thanks for your addon!
	  It's really useful!
	  I just want to note that Noise in options always picks different values. I created two Arrays with noises and then moved first after second, noted elements positions, then made swapping again and few times. It's always different. And I find that this noise isn't connected to the object but it's connected to Global. So when you move object - noise is "waving" all the way.
	  Please make the "seed" option. I think that it's already present in Blender (in Particles at least). Sometimes it's necessary to get the same results every time you're loading your file.
	  P.S. Also please make 5 digits after "." if it's up to you.

